IBX-8792: Ibexa Engage - fixes (#306)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/ibexa_engage/ibexa_engage.md

In the block's settings, you can select a campaign that you want to display from a drop-down list.
This list includes all campaigns available on user's Qualifio account which are active or scheduled to launch in the future.

You can set the dimensions of the field in which the campaign is displayed. To do it, insert width and height values in the proper fields.
If size fields are blank, the system sets default template values. It's recommended to adjust them for better results.

![Campaign block](img/campaign_block.png "Campaign block")

### Campaign custom tag

You can embed a campaign within the [Rich Text field](../content_management/create_edit_content_items.md#edit-rich-text-fields) by using a Campaign custom tag.
To do it, insert campaign content item in the Rich Text Field and choose campaign from the drop-down list.
This list includes all campaigns available on user's Qualifio account which are active or scheduled to launch in the future.

> You can set the dimensions of the field in which the campaign is displayed. To do it, insert width and height values in the proper fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the dimensions of the field in which the campaign is displayed. To do it, select units, and  provide width and height values in the proper fields.
```
